Update Athena to Amazon Athena (#377)
grafana/athena-datasource: README.md

If you do not have a [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/cloud) account, you can sign up for one [here](https://grafana.com/cloud/grafana).

1. Click on the `Install plugin` button on the [Amazon Athena page on Grafana.com](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins/grafana-athena-datasource/). This will automatically add the plugin to your Grafana instance. It might take up to 30 seconds to install.

2. Login to your Hosted Grafana instance (go to your instances page in your profile): `https://grafana.com/orgs/<yourUserName>/instances` and the Amazon Athena data source will be installed.

## Configure the data source in Grafana

To configure the Amazon Athena data source in Grafana, toggle the menu, open **Connections**, then click **Data Sources** and then either:

* If you do not have the AWS Athena data source, click **Add new data source**, and then click the Amazon Athena data source.

> * Click Athena if you already have the AWS Athena data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you already have an Amazon Athena data source, select the one you want to configure.
```
